About Me Content


1. Describe yourself in two to three sentences.

I'm a renaissance man living in a digital age, enjoying my existence here in the beautiful Pacific Northwest one raindrop at a time. Currently transitioning to a career in Web Development, my previous work was in the non-profit sector. I am thirty-two years young and imbued with the curiosity of a 14-year old. Those who know me unfortunately know my love for questions, namely my penchant for asking "why?" 

Want to know more? Keep reading...


2. What's important to you?

Family before all else. Except if Zombies are involved and then it's survival first, family second. But mostly family, especially the 4 (soon to be 5) nieces and nephews running amok back home in Pennsylvania.

Besides my family I hold my friends near and dear although I'm lacking in the near department since I habitually move. I crave authentic connection either with those around me or wherever I find myself physically at any place or time. More than anything I value honesty in others, a quick wit, and an appreciation for the random discussions about global peace and/or the merits of utilitarianism. The simple things.


3. Where are you from?

I originally hail from Reading, PA, the capital of....basically nothing.The Reading Railroad actually if you've ever played Monopoly? I've bounced around the U.S., living in, at one point or another: Richmond,VA; Readfield, ME; Baltimore, MD; Lafayette, LA; and now Portland, OR.


4. What are your favorite hobbies?

My favorite hobbies...
	Playing stickball in the street
	Drinking fancy schmancy almond milk lattes in hipster coffee shops around Stumptown
	Typography. Seriously, I will read anything Typography related.
	Discovering new indie music (both live and through my Spotify obsession)
	Trading Pogs
	Feeding my sports addiction via the Timbers, Blazers & Rose City Rollers
	Exploring by foot or bike, the beautiful region that is the Pacific NW. It's obnoxious but true. 


5. What's your dream job?

I'd love to work with an development firm or start-up driven by a social cause or that supports organizations/non-profits with a similar goal to change the world. 

OR

Become a content expert and teach children how to code!


6. What music have you been listening to lately?

Anything I can code or study to, which in my case, is usually lighter coffee shop fare. My current album mix:

	Beck - Morning Phase
	Mat Kearney - Just Kids
	Radiohead - The Bends
	Fleetwood Mac - Rumors
	James Bay - Chaos and the Calm
	Chromeo - White Women (yes, that's the actual title)
	Any low-fi indie mixes on Spotify or Songza
	



